Dad, I just told you
Mr. Chu is very powerful
Why are you pretending to be Mr. Chu?
Where did the nonsense old man get his son?
Don't scream at me
Dad, what are you doing?
Master Wu
Are you mistaken? This is not Ling Zun.
No, it's impossible.
How could I possibly be wrong?
My dad said he had a scar on his wrist
It was accidentally injured by engraving before.
Shut up useless thing
You messed up my plan
Dad, why are you impersonating Mr. Chu?
It's not for your sister-in-law
An old age
I can't even find a wife
Of course I have to come out and cheat you how much money?
Otherwise, I will not be able to hold my grandson in my next life
This kid grew up in the mountains
I've already asked around.
Nobody knew him.
I have to take this opportunity to cheat some money
Who knew it was such a coincidence?
I ran into this kid
Dad, don't worry about me
Now you can apologize to Mr. Chu
No need, Master Wu
Uh, what about Ling Zun?
I'll send it back to you later.
Are you worried?
Then thank you Mr. Chu
Old Wu, what do you have to say now?
Old man, I admit it
What can you do to me?
Tell you how old I am
How dare you touch me?
I can lie down
Don't worry, I won't touch you.
But you are so deceiving
Others can't tell.
You old thing!
Dare to fucking lie to me
I won't let you